the unpopular majora's mask opinion I
really don't think the majora's mask
needs a remake sure I'm glad that it's
getting remade but to me it seems like
it's just getting the 3d treatment
because Ocarina of Time already did well
I respect the mechanic from an objective
standpoint the time limit in majora's
mask will forever bother me
it's a Zelda game I want to go cut grass
and explore without a care in the world
but when I look up in the sky and see my
impending doom I get all bummed out
Majora's Mask was pretty damn
frustrating at times limit of save
points the three days cycle having to do
the same things over and over and over
again combine that with some lackluster
temple design and I have no idea what
people Herald this as the greatest Zelda
game of all time the happy mask salesman
is easily the scariest thing ever
tingle is a close second though I kind
of like him URI seriously how could you
think that tingle is scary
I think the tingle is a single greatest
thing to come out of Majora's Mask I
mean I love this guy with a passion he's
silly he's wacky and he's one of the
greatest elder characters of all time
second only to groose the fierce deity
mask nets you easily the coolest looking
form though it's limited use makes it
really lame I feel like this game was
only so loved because it was dark and
edgy and gritty because almost every
time that you're a fan gush about this
game well nine times out of 10 they
focus exclusively on the creepy
atmosphere and the aesthetics rather
than the gameplay in the story having to
find all the straight fairies in each
dungeon to get upgrades for link was
tedious and I think I loved it
you know I really don't care there are
only four dungeons in this game
personally I love shorter games there's
just so many games to play out there and
there are too many that are overly long
with more padding than training bro the
fact of the content of Majora's Mask is
optional is amazing because I don't
spend more time on the game than I want
to do majora's mask is superior to
ocarina of time in almost every way but
I had a lot more fun playing ocarina
time let's see what you guys had to say
about Majora's Mask banana bread says
although the game was good it was really
repetitive I feel like I had to force
myself to turn it on and play kamikaze
Lucas said that the game felt pretty
short even 100% completed cool Adrian 20
says I always thought the on joandkaa
face side quest was too overrated it's a
good story but not that good the stray
tiger says as much as I love it the lack
of linear progression does feel
overwhelming which I think pushes the
player away a fake Onix says nice here's
mine the whole story arc with Skull Kid
was boring and predictable very
disappointing now before I let you guys
go I have to tell you about this amazing
website that I found recently don't
worry this isn't something add that
you've heard a million people talk about
but this is one that will actually help
you guys
it's called Opinion Outpost and if you
guys know me I love my opinions what
what these guys do is that all the big
companies come to them so you can take
surveys for money so yes they will
actually pay you real life hard cash for
you to just answer some surveys it's
awesome I'm using it it's a great way to
make some extra cash on the side so yeah
it's pretty neat well guys that's all
I've got for today but if you want to
watch more popular gaming opinions can
always click this handy-dandy annotation
or click the other one to watch one of
your equines videos but I'm gonna change
things up a little bit if you want the
next video to be unpopular Kingdom
Hearts opinions then click this Keyblade
but if you want it to be unpopular
assassin's creed opinions then click
this hidden blade still don't forget to
like subscribe comment leave your prop
of the gaming opinions in the comments
below
follow me on every social meeting on
demand and all the other generic things
you hear every youtuber say every single
time